Add ACL package mode (mint) + package operator mode (transfer/approve/revoke) (#249)
casper-ecosystem/cep-78-enhanced-nft: CHANGELOG.md

[comment]: <> (Fixed: any bug fixes)
[comment]: <> (Security: in case of vulnerabilities)

## Release 1.5.0

### Changed

- Update to README (#248)

> - Update ces parser version (#246)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update CES parser version (#246)
```

- Update modalities.md (#245)
- Command fix (#244)

> - JS Client: omit dev dependencies when running audit (#241)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- JS Client: Omit dev dependencies when running audit (#241)
```

- Remove potential revert in init and remove cep47 events dict creation on install (#240)

> - Reformatting Documentation (#239)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reformatting documentation (#239)
```

### Added

> - ACL package mode. By whitelisting a package in `acl_whitelist`, any further version of a contract will be automaticaly whitelisted for minting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ACL package mode - Including a contract package in the `acl_whitelist` will result in automatic whitelisting for any future versions of that contract.
```

> - Package operator mode. By approving a package in `operators`, any further version of a contract will be automaticaly operator for transfer/approve/revoke entrypoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Package operator mode - Approving a package in `operators` allows any future version of that contract to act as an operator for transfer/approve/revoke entrypoints.
```
